hello everybody this is the source of
home number today to show you my aviator
sunglasses okay these are so good I got
they just today I think yo yesterday
she'll go to the moon rock with Jackson
aviators and like I say I look pretty
darn hot yep so like I said I got this
yesterday but only one project there's
the search commands we go ahead all that
I just want to do a quick review for
cloture today yes I want my murdered
aviators I love these babies I got him
yesterday like i said i also have a
brown pair I'm so dual revealing that
too as well what you want to do this me
first off what I like about these
aviators are that they're murdered you
do not find too many mirrored aviators
and the store nowadays hopefully you
find just regular aviators but i got
these that are stored okay mirrored
aviators meaning are we going exactly
if you're watching this video you can
see me I mean I can see you I can look
at you and see you because you can see
me looking at you as basically murders
so like I'm talking to you I can stare
at you but you're not no I'm staring at
you you don't know that I'm Sarah too
because you can't see my eyes so I
called mirror you look you see you like
right now I can wave to my hand see it
talk to my eyes see those melons they're
cool sunglasses and I actually do like
them and yeah I suggest for everybody to
go out and get a pair of these then
comment back on what you think all right
yes these are not babies all right I
started pouring and thanks for watching